1. What is a Call Option?
    Gives the investor the right to wait till the end of the year (term) to decide if they want to buy a stock.
    Note that you can exercise the call at any point in the term.
    If the stock price were trending positively they would buy the stock and make a profit.
    If the stock price were tending negatively they would pass on the option to buy the stock.
    There is however a cost associated to acquiring the right for a call option. This is called the option premium.
    The option premium needs to be paid at the beginning on the term.


2. What are the parameters impacting the price (premium) of an Option.
    The current price of the stock.
    The agreed upon strike price.
    The period of the term.
    Current volatility of the stock price.

3. Is it better to be “Short Put” or “Short Call”, and why?
    Neither is necessarily better than the other. It all depends on the market trend, the risk appetite of the investor.
    a Short Call is a much more aggressive strategy that involves huge risks. And should only be used when there is a high level of certainty that a market will trend downward.
    a Short Put however is used well when you're certain that the price of a stock will not fall beyond a certain level. This is less risky, but the potential loss is much higher.
    

4. What is the interest in investing in a Yield enhancement product ?
    The ability to realise a gain even though the assumption is that the market is trending sideways.
    The benefits of a Yield enhancement product is that a gain can be realised even if the price of a product changes very little or at all.
    Another benefit is that is the price of the stock goes down. The price of the product goes down, but less sharply. Mitigating loss.
    A caveat of a Yield enhancement product though is that in a strongly rising market the product has limited benefit as the potential gain is limited.

5. (Optional) Can you guess what are the components of the Yields Enhancement product presented in the video ?
    A combination of Bonds and put options.

6. What does interest you in Leonteq and structured products ?
    The ability the offer a large choice of solutions to meet any investors need.
    What interests me in Leonteq is the ability to learn about these structured products. How investors use them and the benefits to be gained from using them.
    As well as writing code and improving on the platform that Leonteq provides to investors.